
Narrator: Kids, if you are single is all this happy ever after.But only one of your stories can in this way to finish.Rest end with someone injured.This is one of these stories, and it begins... with a shirt.Daughter: A shirt?Narrator: Listen... 








Narrator: Since all of this would have happened if it wasn't for the shirt.Ted: Wow.
Robin: Nice shirt!Ted: right?Isn't it?Lily: Look at these colors!Green and Brown together at last!Marshall: hot tip, Bro, is it new?Ted: That's the crazy part.I got this shirt for like six years had... Until today morning was I not into it at all, but now it's changed like my taste.Barney: Booger.Ted: Yes, Hi, Barney.Robin: Barney's offers me fifty dollars for some stupid word in a live news report.Barney: Not some stupid Word, "Booger".Robin: But I don't do it, I'm a journalist.Barney: What?Journalist?To do the small pieces of fluff, at the end of the news.Old people, babies, monkey... that's not journalism that's just things in a diaper.Robin: my boss to bump me up to the City Hall beat is for your information.Lily: Town Hall, Miss thang!Robin: So I'm going to jeopardize that by saying "Booger" for fifty dollars not my PhD.Barney: of course not, because you now say "Nipple" and it is a hundred! Enter in my Web.Ted: Mmm... Who has this is Bourbon?Lily: Ooh, I don't know.It was here, as we were.Ted: Aaah, good.I seem to Bourbon as now.I could have sworn that I hated Bourbon.First the shirt, now Bourbon.I spent 27 years my opinion about things, make, right?I never saw again once the film in the city, which I will, because it was raining the day I visited Haden.Maybe it's time to start, make some second impressions...

Marshall: You'll finally "Goonies see again?Slow love Chuck".Ted: Emergency of Goonies, girl.What if it from my past, I thought someone was wrong for me, but in fact they, like my shirt is actually a perfect fit?Barney: You think, there are only two reasons a girl so far, you've already dated.Breast implants.Lily: It's not a bad idea.Think we, Ted's alive... What's with the girls, Steph?Ted: Steph...
 

 


Stefanie: Okay, it's hard to say, at that time, when I lived in LA, I was pretty broke, I so spent a month making erotic films.Ted: okay... you make Wow, how many have?Stefanie: A hundred and fünfundsiebzig. 


Lily: You say what you... be about the porn industry, that they are hard workers.Marshall: What is this chick... uh... Jackie?
Ted: And my bathing suit had completely failed.Jackie: I know the feeling, once... when I was sixteen, was driving and I hit this Hitchhiker.Don't know... just followed what happened to him! 


 


Ted: Uh... No.

Lily: What happened to Natalie!Marshall and Ted: Natalie!Robin: Who is Natalie?Narrators: Natalie, I had so many good memories of her.The tea candles on her dresser.The Sock Monkey collection on her bed.That a Belle and Sebastian song, she always listened to.Her smile.Ted: Man, I have it in three years not seen!Robin: Breaking good would be why you?Ted: I was not looking for the great commitment at the time of course now a big commitment so bad seems not... maybe I should call it?What do you guys think?Barney: You threw a porn star?Friendship of friendship over! 

Mr.Adams: Come in, okay, I get you back.
Robin: You wanted me to see Mr.Adams?Mr.Adams: Yes, I did.I need you to cover a story. It's down to the Town Hall.Robin: City Hall?  Oh my god.
Robin: So are City Hall the next time, make up and stopping of New York's oldest hot dog cart passed.Today, a delicious hot dog costs $2.50, but back, if the stand opened in 1955, could you one for just a nipple.That you live, Robin Scherbatsky, Metro News one. 

Robin: I said, "Nipple" in the news!It was so unprofessional!I said, "Nipple" in the news!Lily: It's at least better than booger. Booger.
Barney: It there.Hey nickel it is cold in here because I can the type of Chair Robin?Now for your next challenge...

Robin: No, it's not about another challenge, I don't care how much you offer me.Barney: Search your soul, Robin Oh.You and I both know that this is not about the money.Sure, Metro News, which it pays you jack, and hey, a little green salad on the side is good for you, I and Mr.McGee.Lily: Serious, talks like that?Barney: Good baby really likes, the allure of one of these bean counters, is appreciate and yet still not you promoted to pull over.And for two more cellular stick, baby will look into the camera and say this Lily: EBA.I assume it.Robin: I have to work to get back.See you.Lily: Bye.Robin: Babies goes, think about it.
Ted: found it!I found Natalie's number.Lily: Hey, Ted.Nice shirt!Is it yesterday already?Ted: Thank you.I'm going to call them; That is however, crazy, I talked to her in, like, three years not yet.I wonder whether she reminded me even. 



Natalie: Hello?Ted: Natalie, the Ted Mosby.Natalie: go to hell.
Ted: she reminds me.
Lily: Why would Natalie hang on you?Ted: I don't know!Barney: You slept with her sister?Ted: No.

Barney: Sleeping with her mother?Ted: No.

Barney: I'm losing interest in your story.Lily: Well, you need to have done something.Why break you?Marshall: He was not ready for a commitment.Lily: Uh huh.Ted: And her birthday could come up.Lily: Uh-huh...

Ted: Okay, so I didn't get a friend want level gift for a girl, I was just doing, break up with.Lily: So threw you right before her birthday?Ted: No, not me picking... dump right in front of her birthday.Marshall: Oh, oh. 


Ted: Natalie!Hey, happy birthday!Listening...

Lily: Never... Up... ith.a.girl.on.her.birthday... to break!Ted: LILY waiting for the SHIRT!I know that it was a mistake!Lily: Shouting now, she her eyes?Ted: I don't know.Lily: How do you n... Oh, not you! 


Ted: Natalie!Hey, happy birthday! Listen to... You're super.... You are really awesome.I'm like super busy right now, so maybe if we just call it a day.But you're super. 


Lily: On... Fro... nswering.machine!And... on... Picking Irthday?Oh... Who breaks...... up... with... anyone... on... their... Answering machine... on... their... Birthday?Marshall: Yes, dude, email!Lily: I tried to make, Marshall isn't exactly the point.This is a terrible way to break up with someone.Marshall: Okay, my client defense.There is a possibility of unterrible break with someone?No. Personally the bad message on the answering machine would hear rather than face of the humiliation personally. It's that painful way you can do it the least.Who are you calling?Lily: Hi, Lily, and Marshall's.We are not going to have sex for at least a month.But you're super.OK bye.
Barney: You know, that was a big mistake, Ted.You should've done it personally.Lily: Thank you.Barney: Desperate "Please-don't-leave-me" sex is amazing.Ted: Okay, it was childish and stupid, I just... I didn't want to see her crying.Lily: Well, guess what?She cried!You have not only the bag to face the tears.Ted: Was that me then, okay?This is the new old shirt wearing, bag-Ted.I'll get this right.Barney: You know something else?My sister just got married and I'm about thirty sexual turn.Fantastic. 


Robin: An opportunity that allegedly suddenly turned joyful tragic as Sadie Marsolis, New York's oldest twins, and Ethel, shortly before her 100th birthday dies suddenly.I'm a girl, dirty, dirty.Ow.That you live, Robin Scherbatsky, Metro News one.
Producer: Joel Adam wants to see you in his Office of Robin: before you say anything, I just want to say, I like here at Metro News one to work.Mr.Adams: That's great.So my dog will Robin keeps: what?Mr.Adams: Dogs now you have, right?What you do... What do you think that means?Robin: Take him to the vet?Mr.Adams: Genius. This is one that I owe you.Robin: Is that it?Mr.Adams: Yes.
Robin: And nothing about the twins story?Mr.Adams: Oh, work Yes, great, that one on.New York loves you.You're a superstar, bye-bye.Narrator: That is, when Robin realizes no one, not her boss, also news monitored Metro one. 




Ted: Hello.
Ted: Natalie.Come in, I just want to say, I'm sorry.I came here only because you would take my call.Natalie: I have an idea.Why don't you leave a message?Ted: Well one.Okay, good.I will leave to adopt only this Sock Monkey here.
Ted: Natalie... I have.Natalie: OH!Ted: OKAY, okay... I... see, look.I know that you are crazy.Happy birthday three years ago.Natalie: Oh yeah?Sell... until three years ago Ted: no, look... I was an idiot for leaving this message.I know how much, which sucked.Natalie: No, you don't.
Ted: Maybe we should just to call it a day?But you're super.Okay, bye.
A guest: Surprise...

Ted: Was there a surprise party, the night? How come no one to me?People think I can not keep, but I can completely!I'm sorry, not a problem... Look, Natalie, I was just a stupid kid back then, horrified, commitment.Natalie: And I suppose that you are suddenly willing to marry and settle down?Ted: Well, Yes, actually.Now, I'm a different guy.Give me another chance.Natalie: You have to think that I have absolutely no self esteem.Ted: Come... Just a cup of coffee. Natalie please.Give the guy a chance. Self esteem is over rated! 


 



Natalie: Wow.Maybe it was brought up to a whole new level the caffeine, but you really your game.Ted: Thank you.I just starting to subscribe to Esquire.You have some helpful column.In the following you will find in the October issue.Narrator: So Natalie and I began dating, and how, it came back.The tea candles.The Sock Monkey.Belle and Sebastian... all of it.It seemed as happy was then always not far away. 


Natalie: Well I better run, I have my Krav Maga class in half an hour.Ted: Krav Maga, how cool it is, she's doing Krav Maga?Natalie: Thanks honey.Ted: Hmm...

Natalie: Bye, guys.All: Bye.Marshall: Dude, what is Krav Maga?Ted: I have no idea.Some kind of Yoga?Barney: You know that Natalie... She's good times.Marshall: Yes, she's like the best girl, you have dated in the year.Lily: Yes, Ted, you stop, that a.Ted: Yes, I have, to break up with her.Marshall: I get it not, man, Natalie is awesome.Ted: I know she's great, but I have to break up with her.Lily: Why... could not... You leave... that... poor girl... alone?Ted: I know!I hate that.The last three weeks have been great.I would be in love with her, but I feel the thing.It is the unspeakable.Marshall: Unspeakable... good word.So when are you going to do it?Barney: she's probably on the subway by now.You could call your voice mail.Beep, unloaded.Click on.Get ready!Ted: I have to do this face to face.I just... I don't know what I'm going to say!Marshall: "I'm not ready for a commitment."

Lily: Oh, that's so cliché.Marshall: It's not a cliche, it's a classic.It is the stairway to heaven separation lines.Lily: Well, I think that Natalie deserves better.Marshall: better.There are breaking up any better.There's just less horrible.A cliche, it's a cliché for a reason.It is reassuring.Ted: It does not matter, I already told you I'm ready for a commitment, so... Oh, my God... it is out no way... I'm gonna have to marry her.Marshall: No, no. We go from this.Okay, how about... "It's not you it's me"?Barney: Mm... Mm!Six words!You... Search fat... in... the jeans, you're free to go.Lily: As Ted, you have to tell her the truth?
Barney: Ernst, honey, men, this work.Lily: Ted, what is the truth?Why do you break with her?Ted: The truth?She's not the one.Lily: Well, tell her that.Marshall: Oh, that can not tell you.This is terrible.Lily: Why?What is it so terrible?Ted: Yes, what is that so terrible?... "it is one not that." Why is this such a heartbreaking, what to listen to?How are the chances of a person of another person "The one" 6 billion to one.Lily: Yes, you have to gain better opportunities in the lottery.Ted: Exactly, it would take personally not if you lost the lottery.Say Marshall: Okay, man, its the truth.She is goanna cry.Lily: Yes, and he will sit there and he will take it like a man.Ted: I have to do the mature.
Robin: Mature want to speak?I wrapped up a live news broadcast of my own tits honking.Barney: And large TV was all had.Okay Scherbatsky, new challenge.And this is great.But the cash reward.For a thousand dollars, you heard me, all you have to do, is up there on the news and do one of the following... 

Robin: What to the devil is that?All: The Ickey shuffle.Barney: And how to do it, you say this, "Elbert Ickey Woods.The Bangles were fools to cut in 91.Their 1521 rushing yards and your deep 27 note will not be forgotten.Screw so coach Dave Shullah, and your crappy Steakhouse." 

Robin: You just write for me.What do care, it is not so that someone is watching, anyway, isn't it?
Ted: Man, she is crying.Lily: Slow love junk-e-

Ted: Thanks, Lil. 


Narrator: So I took Natalie the next night for dinner.The mature to do.Ted: Look, is Natalie's uh, something I have to say.Natalie: Oh wait, wait.Is there something I first say.Today I had at work, not one not two, but three birthday cakes, so tonight; can we just skip the cake?Ted: Is your birthday today?Natalie: Yes, no, that's okay... I was not someone's telling.Ted: Today is your birthday!I... I didn't get you anything.Natalie: Oh, it's okay.You know, that the best gift of all already gave you me.I can trust again.Ted: You're welcome. Oh, so much more wine. 



Robin: Henry, New York's oldest good-looking cabdriver, you have very much seen as.
Robin: What's in your your exciting memory last sixteen years in the profession?Henry: well...

Barney: Ahh!That's it.Lily: Oh, boy, here we go.Barney: Everyone, everyone... If I may direct your attention to the TV.You are about to see something amazing.Henry: And she drove my cab for the fourth time in 72, Mickey Mantle.Barney: Come on, baby... bring it home.Henry: But the most exciting moment, that would at this time be.Robin: What?Henry: look at me, I'm on TV.I never thought that I would have told my story.Thank you, Miss Robin Scherbatsky.
Henry: Thank you.Narrator: And right then, aunt Robin realized how important their job really was.Robin: It's an honor to tell your story to Henry.
Robin: You know, Metro News one number one in the viewer ship may not.But this reporter is proud...  Whoa!OH!Oh my god!I am treated in horse manure!It is in my hair!I mean, ow... ow my knee.Marshall: You planned the?Barney: No, Marshall.That was my wildest dreams of Natalie: so you're depending on the Alabama, my mother throws this huge crawfish boils and it is only die to you, by the way and know how to learn.Ted: Look, Natalie, is there anything I have to say, and there is no good way to say it.I want to break up.I don't think that you are for me.I would not waste your time, because I like you.I want to do right by you, and I think the best way to do that is just to be honest.I am sorry. Let it out.They are just tears. AAH!Natalie: I'm not right for you?Ted: I'm sorry.I thought only the mature thing to do would be...

Natalie: It's my birthday!Ted: Yes, I know that I didn't realize that it was...

Natalie: it's my birthday and told you me are, I'm not right for you?Ted: It's really not such a big deal.I mean, it's the benefits.It's like you lost the lottery.Natalie: Is oh, so how in the lottery to win dating?Ted: No, no, no. I don't have it mean.Natalie: Okay, so what the problem?Ted: I has it can not explain it.Natalie: try!Ted: It is unspeakable.Natalie: I am not "F able"?Ted: No, no, no, no. Lodge, ineffable means that are not to explain it.Natalie: Am Oh, so I stupid?Ted: God goes Oh, what?Natalie: Okay, "what" is, you broke my heart on my answering machine... on my birthday waited three years for me to get over you.Tracked me down, asked me, with you again just so you go, could dump three weeks later.Again on my birthday!Ted: No, it's not so.I'm just... it has, it has, it isNatalie: MEGSIE!Ted: I'm just super busy now.Narrator: Keep in mind, when Natalie said. 


Natalie: I have my Krav Maga class in half an hour. 


Narrator: It was Krav Maga is not some kind of yoga.It is a form of Gorilla developed street fighting by the Israeli army.
Waiter: This is compliments of these two gentlemen at the bar.
Guy #1: mean knee!Man #2: is it in my hair!
Barney: Is it not good to know that the people are watching but?
Marshall: Oh, my God.Are you all right?Lily: What happened to you?Ted: The truth emerges, the truth has a medium-sized Round House kick.Marshall: Oh, man.Lily: Oh, well you done the right thing.I'm proud of you.Ted: I'm bleeding internally.Barney: you know, Hey, Ted, what brings me when I'm down?Other people's misfortune.You missed something so amazing.Robin: Please can we have please a person in this whole time, who do not see?Barney: fine.Lily: Are you all right?Ted: I really thought that I was the good way this time.I guess that's no good way.Sometimes no matter how much you try to do the right thing, you at the end only flat on his back, crap flailing around in a big pile horse!Robin: You saw it?Ted: It's against the Internet now!It's okay to grow up.Narrator: And this is how it ended up with Natalie.No happy and satisfied.Just a whole lot of damage.And have been replaced as well as those wonderful memories.Through this

Narrator: But you know, bad as that night... within one year was Natalie was married.With three wonderful children.This is the latest side of her.Sometimes for a reason.
Son: Wow, so to beat you by a girl?Narrator: Is that everything that take from this story?Son: you have a girl beat up?Narrator: Hey, she knew Krav Maga.Narrator: Kids, if you are single is all this happy ever after.But only one of your stories can in this way to finish.Rest end with someone injured.This is one of these stories, and it begins... with a shirt. Daughter: A shirt? Narrator: Listen... Narrator: Since all of this would have happened if it wasn't for the shirt. Ted: Wow.Robin: nice shirt! Ted: right?Isn't it? Lily: Look at these colors!Green and Brown together at last! Marshall: hot tip, Bro, is it new? Ted: That's the crazy part.I got this shirt for like six years had... Until today morning was I not into it at all, but now it's changed like my taste. Barney: Booger.Ted: Yes, Hello, Barney.Robin: Barney is me fifty dollars to offer some stupid word in a live news report. Barney: Not some stupid Word, "Booger". Robin: But I don't do it, I'm a journalist. Barney: What?Journalist?To do the small pieces of fluff, at the end of the news.Old people, babies, monkey... that's not journalism that's just things in a diaper. Robin: my boss to bump me up to the City Hall beat is for your information. Lily: Town Hall, Miss thang! Robin: So I'm going to jeopardize that by saying "Booger" for fifty dollars not my PhD. Barney: of course not, because you now say "Nipple" and it is a hundred! Enter in my Web. Ted: Mmm... Who has this is Bourbon? Lily: Ooh, I don't know.It was here, as we were. Ted: Aaah, good.I seem to Bourbon as now.I could have sworn that I hated Bourbon.First the shirt, now Bourbon.I spent 27 years my opinion about things, make, right?I never saw again once the film in the city, which I will, because it was raining the day I visited Haden.Maybe it's time to start, make some second impressions... Marshall: You'll finally "Goonies see again?Slow love Chuck". Ted: Emergency of Goonies, girl.What if it from my past, I thought someone was wrong for me, but in fact they, like my shirt is actually a perfect fit? Barney: You think, there are only two reasons a girl so far, you've already dated.Breast, Implants.Lily: This is not a bad idea.Think we, Ted's alive... What's with the girls, Steph? Ted: Steph... Stefanie: Okay, it's hard to say, at that time, when I lived in LA, I was pretty broke, I so spent a month making erotic films. Ted: okay... you make Wow, how many have? Stefanie: A hundred - and 70-Five.Lily: say what you... are about the porn industry they are hard workers. Marshall: What is this chick... uh... Jackie? Ted: And my bathing suit had completely failed. Jackie: I know the feeling, once... when I was sixteen, was driving and I hit this Hitchhiker.Don't know... just followed what happened to him!Ted: Uh... No. Lily: What happened to Natalie! Marshall and Ted: Natalie! Robin: Who is Natalie? Narrators: Natalie, I had so many good memories of her.The tea candles on her dresser.The Sock Monkey collection on her bed.